ah
what up YouTube ziz rich dog from rich
dog 51 been getting a lot of questions
on the set up so my Telluride and my
Wraith here so I was gonna go over the
Telluride in this video first questions
I got a lot about or my tires my tires
are proline t SL 1.9 tires they're the
tire to go with I can guarantee you I've
been running them since they came out
the new oversized ones are killing it
there on the rims I've been getting a
lot of questions about my rims they're
the method rims from vanquished products
my first video I've been getting
confused a lot I had my old axial stock
rims but I painted the insides green
they're now along my son's truck and I
painted them red great if you want to
just modify your rims we cut them out
here drill out a hole and remember
banquette spacers on them and it gives
it a little bit of a wider stance makes
it truck a lot more stable so I had
these painted green they were on the
Telluride but now I got the new method
rims so no more need for these rims my
son got an upgrade alright further into
this truck the other things I've done
the first thing I did was lock the diffs
out I'm more of a crawler guy than a
racer guy so having the open diffs was
not cutting it for me
I can handle running this thing fast
with lock dips it does just fine the
rims do get a little bit of rub but not
enough to really hold it back in yet off
you know a little bit of sound here and
there that's about it on the inside here
I've moved my battery to the front of
the vehicle to get that weight down on
the front and not so much middle weight
more front weight more traction on your
front tires up and over a lot more stuff
I replaced the front shocks with some
taller shocks so I get more ground
clearance from the center here
you know what I mean more ground
clearance in the front better I've done
some custom light work it's a little
cheat on the cheesy side but it works
great on to the motor and speed control
I'm running a Novak crusher ESC and a 13
v ballistic motor this setup is killer
you can run it from two to four cell
lipo big time never run it on four cells
been running it on three cell for a
while now and it is awesome it gets good
low-end torque and good high-end rip my
battery bracket it's pretty easy lots of
just quick and easy stuff on this truck
just got this thing mainly just to have
fun and bash and it's a little bit of a
hard truck to make it super scale
looking so we just went for bashing for
jumping crawling climbing bouncing all
that fun stuff the drivetrain still all
stock drivetrain all plastic pieces
except for the lock diffs and I lock the
diffs with j-b weld two-part epoxy
there's better ways to do this that are
less permanent you can use diff
play-doh whatever you want just shove
something in there to get those gears to
stop moving and you're good to go on the
inside I'm using I think these are the
Vanquish 250 or 220 spacers they're real
short I think they're the shortest ones
they make and I was able to get the
clearance that I needed from the spindle
to the rim that's your main thing when
you're switching from a short course rim
to a crawler rim is you have to have
enough clearance to clear that that rim
other than that the conversion is pretty
easy just bolt them on for a little good
to go you do get a lot more sidewall
roll at high speeds but nothing that's
really not
controlable you might have to let off a
little bit more in your corners
especially your off-camber corners other
than that there's not much done to this
I've put a hobbico steering servo in it
it's the hobbico Digital CES 170 ultra
torque run these servos and a lot of
trucks they're great just be careful
around water they don't like water as
much as the high Tech's and the junior
staff do there's no modifications on
them and water seems to seep into these
speaker 3 servos a little bit more so be
careful on that no other than that some
cheesy light brackets and yeah so I hope
this answered most of you guys's
questions that way I don't have so much
to type but that's about it
once again thanks youtubes I'm out